In this clip, we will show you the OSCA Administrator's website intended for the project

Here is the page where the OSCA Staff will login to manage the Administrator side of the system.

Upon logging in, the webpage will land on the Home page. Here we can see the features that are necessary for managing and monitoring the system.

The first tab on the Navigation Bar is the Administration. The administrators can create and manage accounts that can log-in on this application.

The Administrator registration contains basic registration for the administrators.

The Administrator list displays all the administrators and the user can click on each result to land on their account profile.

On the Members tab, the administrators can register a member, search a member, or display the master list of the members.

The Senior Citizen member registration contains the personal details of the senior citizen. The senior citizen's details are validated such as their names, gender, and most importantly their birthdate. The senior citizen must be at least 60 years on the day of registration before they can register.

The guardian field contains the details of the guardian. This will be essential for authorization purposes especially if the Senior Citizen authorizes a guardian to buy their needs on their behalf. Additional Guardians can be added from the Member's profile.


The Member Search feature contains various fields to search for senior citizens. The search results will be displayed in tables and with a maximum of 10 results per page.


In the master list of Senior Citizens, all Senior Citizens will be displayed with a maximum of 10 results per page.

Each result displayed by the Search and Masterlist can be clicked. This will display the Senior Citizen's digital profile card displaying their basic information details as what we will see in their cards. There will be a View button that will redirect to the Senior Citizen's Member Profile.


The Senior Citizen's Member profile contains all their basic information, their Guardians, and their NFC Tag or Account status. On the bottom part of the page is where the Transactions list, Authorization requests, and reports.


The transactions list contains the transaction details. On this prototype, we simulated three kinds of business establishments: Restaurant, Transportation, and Pharmacy.

The complaints tab contains the reports generated by the Senior Citizen in relation to the Business Establishments regarding their discounts, or any mishandling of the senior citizen.

The Authorizations tab contains the Authorization requests generated to authorize any guardian to transact on their behalf. The authorization requests can be used for a maximum of 24 hours and a limit of 1 transaction per Authorization.

The Tab of Lost Reports contains the reports submitted from their OSCA mobile application. The reports can be clicked to choose the necessary actions to be done on their NFC Tags, or OSCA mobile app acount. The Action Taken field will contain the action taken by the OSCA Administrator.



The next tab on the Navigation Bar is the Company. The administrators can register a new company, search, or display the master list of the companies.


The Company registration contains basic registration for the Companies. Each branch even from the same company will need to have their own account registered.


The Company list displays all the companies and the user can click on each result to land on the Company's profile.


The company's profile contains the company branch's details. On the bottom part of the page is the two containers necessary for company-senior citizen relations: the Transactions and Complaints.


The Transactions tab displays all purchases from this establishment with senior citizen discounts.

The Complaints tab displays all the complaints submitted by senior citizens towards this establishment.